So the correct answer here is 0.78 and
over here it's 0.756.
To get there, let's complete this one
first, probability of D2 equals sunny.
Well, we know there's a 0.9
chance it's sunny on D1 and
then if it's sunny, that it would
stay sunny is a .0.8 chance.
So we multiply these two
things together, we get 0.72.
We know there's 0.1 chance that it would
be rainy on D1 which is a compliment.
If it's rainy, we know it switches
to sunny with 0.6 chance,
so you multiply these two things,
you get 0.06.
Adding those two up equals 0.78.
Now for the next day,
we know our prior for sunniness is 0.78.
If it is sunny,
it stays sunny with 0.8 probability.
Multiplying these two
things gives us 0.624.
We know it's rainy with a 0.2 chance
because it's a compliment of 0.78.
And a 0.6 it was sunny, so
you multiply those 0.132.
Adding those two things
up gives us 0.756, so
to some extent it's tedious
to compute these values.
But they can be perfectly
computed as shown here.